New blog components for 4.0 launch (#5745)
sourcegraph/about: content/blogposts/blog-post-starter-pack.md

  link="https://www.sourcegraph.com/search"
/>

> Add an open in new window icon by including `linkIcon={true}` property to the Figure component:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a link icon for links that open in a new window by including the `linkIcon={true}` property to the Figure component:
```
